# Raytracing Study Project

Finish learning from a digital book called  
[Ray Tracing in One Weekend](https://raytracing.github.io/books/RayTracingInOneWeekend.html) by [Peter Shirley](https://github.com/petershirley)

General ideas after reading it:

Path tracing that we writing in the book, isn't physically correct.
For example, random_in_hemisphere(), and random_unit_vector() are both different function to help generate random rays, which give different results because both of them return different probability for rays it gives.
Or, glass or dielectric in general, the rays that reflectance (rays that go inside the object) aren't acting physically correct. Glasses for example should break light, but this isn't what we do here (much simpler from that).
I think there are more advance and modern techniques, should research it more.

Gamma correction, It seems that there is more than one way to do it, it seems to work fine, but neccersly the only way.

We support only spheres, no shadows/light, no textures, and etc. Basically, common features don't exist here.

Noise. Even with 100 rays per pixel it is really noisy. AI denoiser could help here, and I should look at it.

The project runs on CPU, and only with one thread. I should decide if to go with GPU straight way or keep going to with CPU and work on multithreading, and optimazition.

And if we talk about optimazitions, there are none. For example, objects are being tested for every ray, no matter of distance. SDF could help here, or atleast volume binary tree (for quick search looking for closest objects to test).

About textures, probably should look at PBR materials.